README.md, before:

## TrackerReact

```
meteor add ultimatejs:tracker-react
```

This mixin is an upgrade to what `ReactMeteorData` offers. Using `TrackerReact` instead you are no longer required to "freeze" alll your reactivity in a single method. Every one of your methods which uses reactive data sources (e.g: `collection.find()` or `Session.get('foo')`) *automatically* registers its dependencies and is *automatically* tracked. In doing so it replicates the standard helper experience from Meteor/Blaze. Enjoy!

Note: There are a few ways to prevent methods from being reactive, as seen below in the comments.

## EXAMPLE:

```
App = React.createClass({
    mixins: [TrackerReact],

    //automatically reactive helpers, no need for `getMeteorData`!
    title() {
        return Session.get('title') ? ' (' + Session.get('title') + ')' : '';
    },
    getCurrenTask() {
        return Session.get('currentTask') || 'n/a';
    },
    getTasks() {
        return Tasks.find({}).fetch();
    },

    //underscore prevents method from being reactive
	_renderTasks() {
		return this.getTasks().map((task) => {
			return <Task key={task._id} task={task} />;
		});
	},

    //events are also blocked from being reactive; for now we put them in a map return from a method named `events` 
    events() {
        return {
            editTitle: function() {
                let title = prompt('Enter a title for this to do list');
                Session.set('title', title);
            },
            addTask: function() {
                Tasks.insert({text: prompt('Enter the title of a task buddy')});
            }
        }
    },

	
	render() {
		return (
			<div className="container">
				<header>
					<h1>
						Todo List {this.title()}
						<span style={{color: 'blue', fontStyle: 'italic', cursor: 'pointer'}} onClick={this.editTitle}> edit title</span>
					</h1> 

					<h2>current task: <i>{this.getCurrenTask()}</i></h2>

					<button onClick={this.addTask}>ADD TASK</button>
				</header>

				<ul>
				  	  {this._renderTasks()}
				</ul>
			</div>
		);
	}
});


Tasks = new Mongo.Collection('tasks');
```

----
###An example app has been prepared to quickly test it. 
Give it a try: https://github.com/ultimatejs/tracker-react-todos-example

*Thanks for helping us bridge the Blaze world we know to what will be a delightful React future.* **Long Live Meteor!** *Stay tuned for more coming out of the* [***Sideburns***](https://github.com/timbrandin/blaze-react) and ***Blaze React*** *project. Pull requests welcome.*  

######FINAL NOTE: Take a look at the code. It's extremely simple. It's in one mixin file: `tracker-react-mixin.jsx`. It basically just wraps helper methods in autoruns. It happens to also be an important step in transpiling Blaze 1.0. To make the transition to React it's important we are informed. We can do this together.

Commit message:

made render method reactive instead

README.md, after:

## TrackerReact

```
meteor add ultimatejs:tracker-react
```

This mixin is an upgrade to what `ReactMeteorData` offers. Using `TrackerReact` instead you are no longer required to "freeze" alll your reactivity in a single method. Every one of your methods which uses reactive data sources (e.g: `collection.find()` or `Session.get('foo')`) *automatically* registers its dependencies and is *automatically* tracked. In addition, the render method is also reactive, which means you can use reactive variables outside the `render` method and component's scope and expect it to be reactive. This replicates the standard helper experience from Meteor/Blaze. Enjoy!

Note: There are a few ways to prevent methods from being reactive, as seen below in the comments.

## EXAMPLE:

```
App = React.createClass({
    mixins: [TrackerReact],

    //automatically reactive helpers, no need for `getMeteorData`!
    title() {
        return Session.get('title') ? ' (' + Session.get('title') + ')' : '';
    },
    getCurrenTask() {
        return Session.get('currentTask') || 'n/a';
    },
    getTasks() {
        return Tasks.find({}).fetch();
    },

    //underscore prevents method from being reactive
	_renderTasks() {
		return this.getTasks().map((task) => {
			return <Task key={task._id} task={task} />;
		});
	},

    //events are also blocked from being reactive; for now we put them in a map return from a method named `events` 
    events() {
        return {
            editTitle: function() {
                let title = prompt('Enter a title for this to do list');
                Session.set('title', title);
            },
            addTask: function() {
                Tasks.insert({text: prompt('Enter the title of a task buddy')});
            }
        }
    },

	
	render() {
		return (
			<div className="container">
				<header>
					<h1>
						Todo List {this.title()}
						<span style={{color: 'blue', fontStyle: 'italic', cursor: 'pointer'}} onClick={this.editTitle}> edit title</span>
					</h1> 

					<h2>current task: <i>{this.getCurrenTask()}</i></h2>

					<button onClick={this.addTask}>ADD TASK</button>
				</header>

				<ul>
				  	  {this._renderTasks()}
				</ul>
			</div>
		);
	}
});


Tasks = new Mongo.Collection('tasks');
```

----
###An example app has been prepared to quickly test it. 
Give it a try: https://github.com/ultimatejs/tracker-react-todos-example

*Thanks for helping us bridge the Blaze world we know to what will be a delightful React future.* **Long Live Meteor!** *Stay tuned for more coming out of the* [***Sideburns***](https://github.com/timbrandin/blaze-react) and ***Blaze React*** *project. Pull requests welcome.*  

######FINAL NOTE: Take a look at the code. It's extremely simple. It's in one mixin file: `tracker-react-mixin.jsx`. It basically just wraps helper methods in autoruns. It happens to also be an important step in transpiling Blaze 1.0. To make the transition to React it's important we are informed. We can do this together.
